chore(zh): content clean up for markdown-lint-cli bump (#17083)
mdn/translated-content: files/zh-tw/learn/css/howto/css_faq/index.md

> 你可以使用 [DOM 觀察器](zh_tw/DOM_%e8%a7%80%e5%af%9f%e5%99%a8) 的 _CSS Style Rules_ 來檢查上述問題。

Reviewer: possible link to this

```suggestion
你可以使用 [DOM 觀察器](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/page_inspector/how_to/examine_and_edit_css/index.html) 的 _CSS Style Rules_ 來檢查上述問題。
```
